Proofread docs in the /contributing directory (#1718)
vyos/vyos-documentation: docs/contributing/issues-features.rst

  helps developers and community members confirm the issue and verify fixes.
* If it is a regression, specify a VyOS version where the feature worked correctly.
  If you can identify the exact version that broke it, that is helpful. Any
  working version is acceptable.

If you are uncertain whether the behavior is a bug or what the correct behavior
is, or if you lack a reliable reproducing procedure, post on the forum or ask in
chat first. If you have a subscription, create a support ticket. The team and
community can help identify the issue, work around it, and create an actionable
bug report.

Report a Bug
------------

To open a bug report or feature request, create an account on VyOS Phabricator_.
On the left side of the specific project (VyOS 1.2, VyOS 1.3, or VyOS 1.4),
you will find links for opening bug reports and feature requests.

* Provide as much information as you can.
* Specify which VyOS version you are using: ``run show version``
* Explain how to reproduce the bug.

.. _feature_request:

Feature Requests
================

Have an idea to improve VyOS or need a feature that would benefit all users?

> Before submitting a feature request, search Phabricator_ to check if a request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before submitting a feature request, search the public issue tracker (vyos.dev) to check if a request
```

It's a Phorge installation rather than the old, now-unmaintained Phabricator. We may want to avoid mentioning that since it doesn't say "Phorge" prominently anywhere and few people mentally associate vyos.dev with "Phorge" in any case.

Author: [Updated](https://github.com/vyos/vyos-documentation/pull/1718/files#diff-5357912ac44a68ccb3ebd2952171b3a0ee6497a7e89fc5db7fa28e1e2083122dR54).
